if you wouldn't mind just telling us how
how you are and how you are beginning to
prepare to yet another huge night in
your career yeah just first a formal say
obviously you know big thanks to mark
and you know it was fantastic to be on
setanta sports again be fighting such a
massive fight against Roy Jones it's no
secret this will probably be my last
fight so what way to go out and fight
when the best fighters the last 25 years
also in Madison Square Garden want to
make sure I go out go out and fire a
brilliant fight you know another happy
with my last performance it was a win
against Hopkins but styles make fights
unfortunately didn't really blend into a
good fight I believe that simply Roy
Jones he doesn't like the hold I don't
like the whole and I think it's going to
be a lot of fireworks involved don't hit
me yeah you know what okay right we're
joined today by year Joe Calzaghe at his
press conference which has gone on for
about 10 hours and I oh you must be
bored shitless now that's the same
questions every single times trying keep
in blount obviously your fight like I
lined up now with Roy Jones jr. massive
thing Madison Square Gardens I'm sure
you've been asked this before but I see
well could you could you wish it to be
anywhere else well yeah Millennium
Stadium as for 125 ich heisse but you
know powers that being said I couldn't
so the next step was the fight master
Square Garden oh what a great way to
fight over necro boxing sort of thing in
it all the greats are fortney and
they're nice it's not too far to go to
zia for the first six hours you there
yes I said make more money in Vegas at
the end of day but we done Vegas already
and we so uh you know New York that's
that's the second choice for me so
brilliant so one hundred percent your
last fight now yeah well hundred percent
under sent my last time or definite and
upset this stuff Oh definite and reverse
a man yeah it's got a view allows fight
because you know I would she dating I
want to achieve in boxing your worm you
know it's other things I want to do in
life and at the end of day and 36 cometh
I'd be a cup of 37 tying the fight comes
and so many fighters making mistake are
going on too long so what's the plan
after boxing and you stick with in the
fight in or maybe a bit roll on TV
yeah possibly reaching almost knows well
there's a lot of possible possibilities
you know I promote his license now and
you know my dad's got a great Jimmy
fuckers you know I'll help out with him
as well so um yeah I'll box your blood
will be doing things with boxing you
know but sir yeah the way you can see
but as a fighter this is it for me
obviously you got a couple of kids as
well spend a bit more time with every
night definitely a cool so we're when
you're back at home with the kids is the
boys then they're gone bad let me fight
you on the Nintendo with you any good on
that I'm useless mother kicked me out
that's all the time do I don't like
losing anything like it could be his
next one for the simple you know we play
on the fifo in the football especially
know you'll be a falling out like so you
know we made the boys about 10 and the
other ones like 14 but you gotta take
enough about them they're definitely so
I just leave it alone as I stay well
good things like that so we're obviously
apart from the box in your king
sportsman and other other angles of
stuff and we heard you a bit of a dub
and of the football would that be the
plan if you weren't boxing um no I
wouldn't mean good enough for that to be
honest yeah I'm not bad but that
wouldn't be good enough to be honest so
well after the fights no they're nothing
silly like strictly come dancing or
nothing like that i said i'm not doing
shit no chance me I thought I got a two
to one give it a lot oh I'll get no way
man nothing will get me doing anything
like that I could promise you that so
I've always said on this reality TV
stuff i would do man so you if I ever if
you have if you ever see me on like i'm
a celebrity me if I can track me down
shoot me back there obviously had a lot
of banter can we say with her Bernard
Hopkins a bit of a Tulsa to be forgotten
Frannie but obviously do after the fight
was at all like I'll have a beer
afterwards a lot to be honest most
fighters would give a shit before the
fight when the fight comes in or me all
right but easy only is you're the
biggest prick of emma is a guy you know
completely delusional just you know what
they say you know post fight press
conference always fight is giving each
other respect but you had no respect
whatsoever so um you know what the end
of day you know we just went him when
then fight he lost then they were sayin
fuck my best that's the one still won
the fine at the end of days now is it
all the matters you got beaten by white
guy so you live with that exactly i seem
got him you got obviously from valley
town of a new venture by Blackwood
you've got off co-anchor Philly is it
Tommy Cooper a statue of him so are you
aiming for a statue yourself down black
widow street it's a really one than
taught me good I think that is it
there's someone anyway debunk affiliate
I don't know about ladies I won't happen
II III don't know yeah yeah I don't know
my DNA I'm too young for start using
always to go study talking about people
died so maybe in about 50 years or 30
years but you know Kevin outside the
when I'm okay I'm all right my cuz you
know what's gonna happen you know like
every pissed up on the weekend and he's
gonna be pissing least at what ya bring
a fancy jewelry knots and for big things
oh man you are so he doesn't me them a
little hurry and everything like it on
your head so you know my leave on time
gone well obviously we can let you get
goin OSHA beanie well they have best of
luck for the fight obviously we're us
and the whole awhile to get a few and
obviously do the business get him in the
bag in there happy retirement oh thanks
so much to agree that's all I'm gonna go
yes